To Whom It May Concern:
I am a former graduate student at ECU. I received a Double Masters in Computer Science and Quantitative Economics and Econometrics. Right now I am working for JPMorgan Chase as a Data Scientist in the core fraud detection team in New York City.

It is my pleasure to write this letter for Dr. Zeager to tell my story at ECU and his significant role during my time there. I remember when I first arrived at ECU to begin my Masters studies in Computer Science Department. At the time, there wasn’t any organized service to support international students and help them integrate into the ECU community. I was dealing with a lot problems because I didn’t have any friends and wasn’t familiar with Greenville, American culture etc. I didn’t get any support in this matter from Computer Science Department. At the end of the first semester the picture I had from ECU wasn’t the best picture a student can have in his mind. [At the time, my options for this kind of support were limited, and I was struggling at the end of the first semester.]. One day a friend of mine who was studying at the Economics Department invited me to a group day trip which was organized by one of his professors and that’s how I got to know Dr. Zeager. Since the first moment I met him, he and his wife Eunice they made me feel very comfortable. That day is still one of my best memories of Greenville. They invited me to join them at their church and be part of their group. I met a lot of great people and made good friends there. Dr. Zeager was the one who always made sure I am all set to attend every event and that I got all the help that I need – from a simple ride to the grocery store, to helping me with my problems in school. I was able to complete a double Masters at ECU because he introduced me to the Economics faculty and supported me to make it happen. As an international student, the Economics Department and the student ministry led by Dr. Zeager gave me the support I needed to succeed. The Economics Department even supported me with problems that arose in my Computer Science Masters.  Like every student, I had my ups and downs. What I remember from those days is that Lester was there every time to support me, to help me, to provide insights, giving me advice, and making me feel I am home. Lester and Eunice always treated me like their own son and made me feel I have a real family here. That is the reason I come back to Greenville for Thanksgiving – because my family is there. I can say I lived in Greenville because he introduced me to a lot of good restaurants there and took me to a lot of places that I wouldn’t have been able to explore by myself. I can say I have experienced what they call southern hospitality because of him. He has a big sweet tooth. I am sure I have tried all the best desserts you can find around Greenville because he always made sure I am not missing them. I went to a lot of good concerts at ECU because he made sure I am aware of it. I learned a lot from him. Both in his class and out of his class. I learned how to be thankful of every bit of happiness I have in my life.
I have been his TA. I have seen how much he cares about each assignment and exam. I have seen him caring about each and every student in his class. After more than 30 years of teaching he still think about how he can improve his class. I have seen how much he cares about the Economics department and ECU. I have seen him putting others in front of himself. 

Without going into unnecessary detail, I want to mention that I was able to defend my thesis in Computer Science department successfully because of Lester’s, and the Economics department, support to form my thesis committee. If it wasn’t for Lester I wouldn’t have been able to graduate that semester and I would have lost my job.
He supported every decision I made. Starting my Masters I was going to peruse my studies in a PhD program. He supported me thinking about every possibility I can have and trying to guide me through the best path he can think of. Later when I changed my mind and decided to find a job in industry he again supported my decision.
Before graduating, like any other student, I was stressed while searching for a good job. As an international student with Visa issues and needing sponsorship I was more stressed. Lester was the one who always supported during this process. He spent hours talking to me, helped refine my CV, and introduced me to every connection he had. I love this job and I haven’t seen a lot of people who love their job as much as I do. I have this job because he introduced me to his connections at JPMorgan Chase. I won’t forget his voice telling me “I am so proud of you” hugging me tight when I got this job and was about to leave Greenville. During the process of finding an apartment, buying furniture, and moving, Lester and his wife helped me in every way they could and didn’t hold back on anything and their support never stopped. 

I am so proud to say I am his student and I am so blessed to be his friend. 

Despite all this, I am not a special case. Every student and young person around him can tell the same story. 
